[book] Correcting code samples (#137)
MystenLabs/move-book: book/src/move-basics/abilities-introduction.md

A quick overview of the abilities:

> > All of the built-in types except [references](references.md) have `copy`, `drop` and `store`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> All of the built-in types except [references](references.md) have `copy`, `drop`, and `store`
```
I'm fairly certain you've included this comma in other parts of the book.

> abilities. References have `copy` and `drop`.

- `copy` - allows the struct to be _copied_. Explained in the [Ability: Copy](./copy-ability.md)
  chapter.
- `drop` - allows the struct to be _dropped_ or _discarded_. Explained in the
  [Ability: Drop](./drop-ability.md) chapter.
- `key` - allows the struct to be used as a _key_ in a storage. Explained in the
  [Ability: Key](./../storage/key-ability.md) chapter.
- `store` - allows the struct to be _stored_ in structs that have the _key_ ability. Explained in
  the [Ability: Store](./../storage/store-ability.md) chapter.

While it is important to briefly mention them here, we will go into more detail about each ability
in the following chapters and give proper context on how to use them.

## No Abilities

A struct without abilities cannot be discarded, copied, or stored in storage. We call such a struct

> a _Hot Potato_. It is a joke, but it is also a good way to remember that a struct without abilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a _Hot Potato_. A lighthearted name, but it is a good way to remember that a struct without abilities
```
Only suggest this to remove the "joke" connotation.
